Language Analysis (#533)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/bot-analytics/user-reviews.md

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/75118325/120094253-e50d8880-c13c-11eb-8b25-6075c34f8e5c.png)

> > ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/75118325/123555261-53785180-d7a2-11eb-8496-76f27edd32fd.png)

Reviewer: Put this below the content

> 

> > To improve the bots performace on the basis of language, you can select a language from the dropdown. Once you choose a language you can analyse the reviews provided by the user when they were conversing with the bot in the chosen language, i.e. when you select the language as _Hindi_ from the dropdown, the reviews will be populated according to the ratings provided on the bot when the users were conversing in Hindi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To improve the bot's performance in a specific language, you can check the User Reviews received for conversations in that specific language. Choose the desired language from the dropdown, analyse the reviews provided by the user when they were conversing with the bot in the chosen language. For example, when you select the language as _Hindi_ from the dropdown, the reviews will be populated according to the ratings provided on the bot when the users were conversing in Hindi.
```
